Name: D.Chennaiah 
Location: Hyderabad Ph.No : 
9652380483
 CAREER OBJECTIVE
 Good analytical and problem-solving skill with friendly in nature, jovial and flexible person to all kind of 
situation and good adopting capability and good understanding skill with fast learning ability.
 . Working in HCL Technologies as Software Engineer [MAR’2021 to till date]
 . Hands on experience in validating the firmware on SSD’s like NVMe product on different platforms.
 . Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communications skills and demonstrated ability in achieving 
project milestones and objectives accurately on time.
 Programming Languages
 Products
 Tools
 Python
 NVME, SSD validation.
 Jenkins, JIRA, Customer Specific tools (TWIDL and
 FAST), Eclipse.
 Operating Systems
 Code Management Tool
 Linux & Windows.
 Bit bucket, Git and GitHub.
 Project on SSD Firmware Test Automation Validation over NVMe:
 ➢ Role
 ➢ Client
 : SSD Validation Engineer.
 : INTEL
 ➢ Project Name : SSD FW Validation.
 ➢ Environments : Windows, Linux.
 ➢ Protocols
 : NVMe
 ➢ Duration
 Execution Team 
Description:
 : From March’2021 till now.
 • NVMe protocols are the latest storage protocol which uses voltage changes to store data on 
the Non-volatile memory (Solid State Drives).
 • The main objective to validate the firmware on SSD’s like NVMe product on different 
platforms.
 • Making sure to setup the Infra/hardware ready as per the BKC provided and keeping the test 
bed ready for testing.
 • Worked on Optane and NVME compatibility of different products.
• Hands on experience on hardware related issues and setting up racks and servers for 
Performance and internal Programs and also installing driver and OS from the scratch.
 • Test bed configuration of standard and special capability testing like PITA, Quarch, Aardvark, 
UART, NVMe, Power PPT, Hot plug and so on.
 • Testing functional features like Firmware upgrade and downgrade test, power cycle test- 
cases
 • The test scope coverage is to validate FW on all SSD developed by the customer across the 
different platforms.
 • Our main motto to complete the run & triage with- in 24Hours (1 Day) Only.
 • Effective communication with onsite team so that we can co-ordinate and make the systems 
available remotely.
 • Used to debug OS issues and resolve and BSOD’s or any driver related issues remotely 
without the need for physical intervention.
 Responsibilities
 • Once Firmware build got released from customers, based on that we should analyse those 
customer requirements, Prepare the Plan and then start the execution.
 • Need to make sure all the setup is kept ready and see that there are no issues related to 
hardware setup.
 • Need to debug the infra related issues and any environmental issues due to hardware and 
script as well and make sure no wrong tickets have been filed by reducing the time for the 
developers.
 • Making sure any OS related issues are resolved remotely and if not possible trying to update 
the OS remotely or taking the help of the team readily available.
 • Every build has derived test plan on that we setup the machines & prepare the clients with 
updated FW, BL, LS Files then start the execution.
 • If found unexpected behaviour of test-case, should analyse and debug the issue and raise the 
JIRA
 accordingly.
 • Experience in Defect Management Tool JIRA.
 • Preparing Daily and Weekly status reports to RM and Customers.
 DECLARATION
 I hereby declare that the above cited information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief, if given a 
chance, I can prove myself.
updated

JIRA
 accordingly.
 • Experience in Defect Management Tool JIRA.
 • Preparing Daily and Weekly status reports to RM and Customers.
 DECLARATION
 I hereby declare that the above cited information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief, if given a 
chance, I can prove myself.
updated